TINY-7867: Improve Optional and Result in Katamari (#7191)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/katamari/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed

> - Swapped `Optional` to be a class, instead of an object with function fields
> 
> ### Improved
> - `Optional` objects should now be much faster to construct and work with
> - The `Result` and `Optional` APIs are now thoroughly documented
> - Added private `.tag` and `.value` fields to `Result`, to make them more friendly to view in the debugger or console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Swapped `Optional` to be a class, instead of an object with function fields.

### Improved
- `Optional` objects should now be faster to construct and work with.
- The `Result` and `Optional` APIs are now thoroughly documented.
- Added private `.tag` and `.value` properties to `Result`, to make them friendlier to view in the debugger or console.
```
Missing full stops and `much` is very subjective so we shouldn't be including that. In this case we're talking about ~1ms IIRC so I wouldn't call that much faster in the overall scheme of things.
